rearrange a paragraph in html required attribute (#35318)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/attributes/required/index.md

The `required` attribute is supported by `{{HTMLElement("input/text","text")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/search","search")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/url","url")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/tel","tel")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/email","email")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/password","password")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/date","date")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/month","month")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/week","week")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/time","time")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/datetime-local","datetime-local")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/number","number")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/checkbox","checkbox")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/radio","radio")}}`, `{{HTMLElement("input/file","file")}}`, {{HTMLElement("input")}} types along with the {{HTMLElement("select")}} and {{HTMLElement("textarea")}} form control elements. If present on any of these input types and elements, the {{cssxref(':required')}} pseudo class will match. If the attribute is not included, the {{cssxref(':optional')}} pseudo class will match.

> The attribute is not supported or relevant to {{HTMLElement("input/range","range")}} and {{HTMLElement("input/color","color")}}, as both have default values. Type `color` defaults to `#000000`. Type `range` defaults to the midpoint between `min` and `max` — with `min` and `max` defaulting to 0 and 100 respectively in most browsers if not declared. It is also not supported on {{HTMLElement("input/hidden","hidden")}} as it can not be expected that a user to fill out a form that is hidden. Nor is it supported on any of the button types, including `image`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attribute is not supported on, or relevant to, {{HTMLElement("input/range","range")}} and {{HTMLElement("input/color","color")}} input types, as both have default values. Type `color` defaults to `#000000`. Type `range` defaults to the midpoint between `min` and `max` — with `min` and `max` defaulting to 0 and 100 respectively in most browsers if not declared. `required` is also not supported on the {{HTMLElement("input/hidden","hidden")}} input type — users cannot be expected to fill out a hidden form field. Finally, `required` is not supported on any button input types, including {{HTMLElement("input/image","image")}}.
```
